TASK 409.1 — SERVICE-ROLE DELETE DISCREPANCY INVESTIGATION

The previous Task 409 report stated that service_role was missing DELETE privileges on seven tables.

I have now independently queried the live production database using:

information_schema.role_table_grants

The result confirms that service_role does currently have DELETE privileges on:

wear_logs
affinity_signals
pair_affinity_signals
rotation_cursors
slot_statuses
tryon_profiles
saved_looks
user_profiles
wardrobe_items

user_profiles also has SELECT and UPDATE.

Therefore, DO NOT execute any additional GRANT statements.

We need to explain why the previous live service-role DELETE test returned 42501.

1. Audit the actual account-deletion code

Inspect:

server/routes.ts
the supabaseAdmin initialization
every account-deletion operation

For every DELETE operation, report the exact code pattern used.

Specifically determine whether any operation uses:

.delete().select()

or any other modifier that requires SELECT in addition to DELETE.

2. Verify the actual role used by the failing request

Run a safe diagnostic using the same supabaseAdmin client used by account deletion.

Confirm, without exposing any secret:

JWT/API key configuration;
actual PostgREST role;
whether an authenticated user's JWT/session is overriding the service-role Authorization header.

Do not print tokens.

If possible, use a safe diagnostic equivalent to:

select auth.role()

and report only the resulting role.

Expected:

service_role

3. Capture the exact 42501 error

Reproduce the failing DELETE against a disposable test record.

Capture the complete error object:

code
message
hint
details

Do not expose credentials.

Report exactly which table PostgreSQL/PostgREST says is denied.

4. Test the grant directly

Using the actual supabaseAdmin service-role client, perform a controlled DELETE against a disposable test row on one of the previously failing tables.

Do not use a real user's production data.

Confirm:

whether DELETE succeeds;
whether RLS interferes;
whether SELECT is additionally required.

Do not change grants or policies.

5. Compare with direct privilege state

Reconcile the live database privilege state with the failed Task 409 result.

The explanation must account for the fact that:

service_role currently has DELETE.

Do not conclude "missing grant" unless you can demonstrate that the grant disappears during the actual request.

6. Important

Do NOT:

execute any GRANT;
REVOKE anything;
modify RLS;
modify application code;
make Storage public;
disable RLS;
modify Recommendation Engine v3.7;
delete any real user data.
7. Also address the incomplete RLS tests

Separately identify how to fix the Task 409 test fixture so that:

User A has a valid user_profiles row;
User A can create a legitimate wardrobe_items row;
pair_affinity_signals uses valid data satisfying its CHECK constraint;
User B attempts cross-user SELECT/UPDATE/DELETE;
User B attempts INSERT using User A's user_id.

Do not implement these changes yet.

Final output

Return:

Task 409.1 — Service-Role DELETE Discrepancy Report

Include:

Actual role used by the failing DELETE request
Exact failing table
Exact 42501 error/hint
Whether .select() is involved
Direct service-role DELETE test result
Explanation reconciling the result with the confirmed database grants
Corrective action, if any
Revised plan for completing the missing wardrobe/pair-affinity/User-B INSERT tests

Stop. Do not make changes.